>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
just a quick recap.
So here are the rules for
the people who like lists of things.
So when can you use a dot?
When it's a string.
When it's a string and
it's a valid character.
So it can't be a number, it can't have
quotes around it, no weird characters and
no expressions.
Expressions are things like 2 + 2,
things like that.
So with brackets, really,
you can use brackets all the time.
You can use them with strings,
numbers, variables, weird characters,
and expressions.
So why in the world would we use dots?
Why does that even exist?
Anyone have a guess?
Forgot where we left off.
Over here, light grey sweatshirt, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Why
would we use dots?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
why would we ever use dots if we
can always just use the bracket?
Seems like it covers all the cases,
you don't have to think too hard.
>> Speaker 2: Less characters.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, that's
exactly right.
We do things just to save characters.
And you'll see that when we get to,
actually, in just, I think,
the next slide,
when we talk about destructuring.
We like to type less.
Because if you're typing these things
all day, every day, over and over and
over again, a few characters could
turn into a lot of saved time.
However, it doesn't always work.
So as you're speedily typing through
all of your property definitions,
just keep in mind the rules.
Awesome, so here's a recap.
Of course, my thing is all weird.
I'm gonna skip the recap, but
this is here for you to quiz yourself.
So a learning technique that I like
to share with people is as you're
going through a course,
instead of taking notes,
write a study guide for yourself, so
that you can quiz yourself later.
And so this is an example of that,
this recap, so some things is like,
what is an object, right?
What is the difference between dot and
bracket notation?
I'm not gonna go over them cuz
we've been going through them.
But I recommend taking notes like this,
if you're a notetaker.
And then, on your way home, or
whatever, whenever you have a free moment,
just go through them.
Quiz yourself, and
then you can see what's sticking.
And then you can find patterns
in what is working for
you, what teaching styles work for you.
What frequency or repetition do
you need to learn something new?
Things like that.
So there's also apps for this.
Have you heard of Anki?
It's flash card kinda apps?
I would just look for
flash card apps if you wanna invest in
the technological piece, but usually
I'm kind of a pen and paper person.
Awesome.
Does anyone do this already
when they take notes, no?
Worth a try.